### Reading Response to Sep 6th Reading_Autonomous Robots as Performing Agents 
Starting with what I realize from this reading, basically, this is a technical report about the author's project **Agent the Woggles.** Basically, in this report, the author analyzed how a show performance. The key element of a performance show is the **Director, Agency, Audience**. The performance is typically directed/designed by the director, however, the show needs the agency to realize what is designed by the director, and the agency will perform to the audience based on the information provided by the director. For performing robots, it should be columned into the agency part. Agency could also be divided into 2 categories. One is humanity, and the other is machine-based. Robots(physically exist) together with the visual agency(without physical stuff) are commonly acknowledged as a machine-based agency. 

While reading this report, there is a very interesting thing happened. Though this is a course aimed to design performing robots, during this reading, what comes in my mind is all about stuff like 初音ミク / Hatsune Miku this visual agency. From my perspective and based on this report, I am wondering if we limited our imagination. In the report. the authors tried to add sensors and algorithms to compute what other agencies are doing. However, I am wondering, why it is needed? Though it looks more like a human agency but seems not so efficient. If we easily separate the agency and monitor/sensor apart. It would be easier to make the robots perform. In this case, each robot could be monitored by the other algorithm and then performance ed based on the code. So, I am curious why the author tried to put everything in a robot. I realized that as a specialist, we all have the dream to place all in a "black box." But in this case, I thought it is fancy but not with a high ROI. 

The last thing, for me, I am wondering, for performing robots, if we could be able to combine both high-tech to create a more [fancy performace](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hugv0CBh-E)? Just using our robots to replace those visual dancers. I believe this must be super interesting. 
